Add limits on number of function instances in a store (#176)
tetratelabs/wazero: RATIONALE.md

Note: `microwasm` was never specified formally, and only exists in a historical codebase of wasmtime:
https://github.com/bytecodealliance/wasmtime/blob/v0.29.0/crates/lightbeam/src/microwasm.rs

### Size limitations
#### Number of functions

The possible number of function instances in [a store](https://www.w3.org/TR/wasm-core-1/#store%E2%91%A0) is not specified in the WebAssembly specifications since [`funcaddr`](https://www.w3.org/TR/wasm-core-1/#syntax-funcaddr) corresponding to a function instance can be arbitrary number. 
In wazero, we choose to use `uint32` to represent `funcaddr`. Therefore the maximum number of function instances a store can instantiate is limited to 2^32. 

> That is because not only we _believe_ that all use cases are fine with the limitation, but also we have no way to test wazero runtimes under these unusual circum stantaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That is because not only we _believe_ that all use cases are fine with the limitation, but also we have no way to test wazero runtimes under these unusual circumstances.
```
